56
When life hands you lemons, make grapefruit juice, then sit back and relax while everyone wonders how you did it. Tori Truax
Mm. If you'll excuse me, I must go set my own city on fire. Selvan (Radiant Historia)
It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried. Winston Churchill
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year. And to have the ability afterwards to explain why it didn't happen. Winston Churchill
I do not know with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. Albert Einstein
People die when they are killed. Emiya Shirou (Fate/Stay Night)
Nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded. Yogi Berra
Sometimes I get the feeling the whole world is against me, but deep down I know that's not true. Some smaller countries are neutral. Robert Orben
If Casey Stengel were alive today, he'd be spinning in his grave. Ralph Kiner
There's a lot of heredity in that family. Ralph Kiner
Don't cut my throat, I may want to do that later myself. Casey Stengel
If anyone wants me, tell them I'm being embalmed. Casey Stengel
There comes a time in every man's life, and I've had plenty of them. Casey Stengel
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept. Bill Watterson
The problem with the future is that it keeps turning into the present. Bill Watterson
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us. Bill Watterson
I envy people who drink. At least they have something to blame everything on. Oscar Levant
The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking. John Kenneth Galbraith
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full. Henry Kissinger
It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens. Woody Allen
Always go to peoples' funerals, otherwise they won't go to yours. Yogi Berra
In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is. Yogi Berra
If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else. Yogi Berra
Nostalgia ain't what it used to be. Yogi Berra
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six. Yogi Berra
A penny saved is a penny to squander. Ambrose Bierce
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. Albert Einstein
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. Albert Einstein
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. Albert Einstein
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. Albert Einstein
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity. Albert Einstein
Secretly we're all a little more absurd than we make ourselves out to be. J. K. Rowling
Killing you and giving you good advice aren't mutually exclusive. GLaDOS (Portal 2)
Two plus two is fff . . . f . . . 10. IN BASE FOUR. I'M FINE. GLaDOS (Portal 2)
So, how are you holding up? Because I'm a potato. GLaDOS (Portal 2)
Earth really is the most underrated planet. John Green
We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard. John F. Kennedy
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. Margaret Mead
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. Steve Martin
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. Isaac Asimov
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. George Burns
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else. Will Rogers
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired. Jules Renard
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. Douglas Adams
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss. Douglas Adams
In the beginning, the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move. (?)
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up to the roof and gets stuck. George Carlin
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height. Casey Stengel
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. Mae West
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence. Murphy's Law (?)
90% of coding is debugging. The other 10% is writing bugs. Bram Cohen
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. Brian W. Kernighan
UNIX was not designed to stop its users from doing stupid things, as that would also stop them from doing clever things. Doug Gwyn
XML is like violence: if it doesn’t solve your problem, you aren't using enough of it. "Someone at Microsoft."
UNIX is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity. Dennis Ritchie